# Time-Series-Analysis-Crypto

Decentralized cryptocurrencies have emerged vastly in the past decade. Many cryptocurrencies including the founder Bitcoin, provides the owner a direct approach to online payments without centralised financial payments, for example a credit card (Marr). Furthermore, crypto has widely become a financial asset rather than just a tool for online transactions, therefore there are a mass number of trades being executed on multiple exchange platforms. Similar to stock exchange trading, crypto faces similar challenges such as, fraud, volatility prediction and price prediction. Despite the initial assessment, cryptocurrency brings new challenges for instance, privacy and anonymity, blockchain and cybersecurity as well as crypto mining (IBM).

Passionate or dedicated crypto blockchain investors could use algorithmic trading to improve their chances by purchasing and selling their assets at the right time for financial gains. Artificial intelligence in cryptocurrency provides accuracy to investment predictions with minimal margin for error as AI can assist with sentiment analysis, improved monetization, and automated trading strategies (Pati). Sentiment analysis grants the AI system to evaluate the public’s opinion and using this data collected from articles, blogs, social media, news, and other platforms to mathematically examine data to find positive and negative sentiment. These sentiments can allow AI to anticipate confident and unfavourable decisions (TechTarget Contributor). The improvement in monetization allows the AI to use crypto strategy to determine its most optimal outcomes by suggesting a superior profitable investment. Automated Crypto Strategy gives AI systems a discerning approach to analyse a mass amount of data within a short period of time, in addition the use of algorithms to predict and implement personal strategies including automatic trading, this has proven to provide a substantial profit for investors (McNamara).
